[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
[Jamian] Looks like
you fell for it.
What is this?
[Nero] One who
has returned from Hell.
[shudders] No. No.
[screams]
Time to close
that mouth of yours.
[chain rattles]
Who dares?
Shaun.
I knew you would come back,
big brother. I always knew.
One more Bronze Knight
is still no match
against a Silver Knight like me.
Then, how about three more?
My heroes.
Nero, what are you doing?
[Nero] I'm not interested
in fighting alongside
the likes of you.
You can't leave!
[Nero] Quit your crying!
Your brother is always with you.
Hah! Three or four
makes no difference to me.
[gasps]
-[gasps]
-[crackle]
Shaun's been turned to stone!
[Magnus] Cover your eyes!
Because she saw this,
the Medusa Shield.
Anyone who looks at it
is turned to stone.
[Magnus] The Medusa Shield.
In Greek mythology,
the hero Perseus
cut off the head
of snake-haired Medusa,
a Gorgon
with a petrifying gaze.
It's said that,
with Medusa's severed head,
Perseus destroyed
a terrible sea monster.
Perseus knew, if he looked
directly at Medusa,
he would be turned to stone,
so instead he looked
at her reflection in his shield
and then cut off her head.
Hmm.
[chuckles]
-[whoosh]
-[gasps]
-[groans]
-[crackles]
-[gasps]
-Did you really think
the Perseus Knight himself
would fall for that move?
[gasps]
[Long] Athena,
keep your eyes closed!
[gasps]
It's useless to close your eyes
or look away.
The shield's power
can penetrate anything
to reach your optic nerves.
-[gasps]
-[crackling]
[crackling]
Sienna doesn't have much time,
and neither do I.
Only one thing to do.
-[slice]
-[Long groans]
[gasps]
It can't be. You--
You cut off your optic nerves?
Idiot!
I would do anything for Athena.
If you don't understand that,
then you have no right
to call yourself a Knight!
Whatever!
I'll finish this another way.
You won't even see me coming.
No, but I can hear you.
[yells]
-[gasps]
-[crackling]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-I can see,
not Medusa's face,
but the Goddess of Victory.
Lúshan Shenglóng bà!
[groans]
[crackling]
A-Are we normal again?
Not all of us.
[Sienna] Long, you saved us.
I wish I could help, but nothing
can bring back your eyesight.
I've dedicated
my life to Athena.
My eyesight is nothing
compared to your safety.
Shaun, Long, Magnus, thank you.
[Armor rattling]
[Grand Master]
Aiolia, Gold Knight of Leo,
and Milo,
Gold Knight of Scorpio.
Grand Master.
Our enemy
continues to elude us.
How was this possible?
[Grand Master]
When I first heard
of the Bronze Knights
competing in a tournament,
I ordered Cygnus Magnus
to put an end to it.
Instead, he's joined
with the traitors.
Surely the Silver Knights were--
They have failed.
Marin betrayed us
and led them to defeat.
Impossible!
Silver Knights were taken down
by mere Bronze Knights?
[Grand Master] Sanctuary cannot
withstand any more treachery,
which is why I now call
upon you, my loyal Gold Knights.
Milo, I order you
to go and set things right.
Grand Master, I beg you,
assign this mission to me.
Aiolia.
Forgive me, Milo.
But allow me to prove my loyalty
to you and Sanctuary.
Enough!
My apology, Grand Master,
but his brother,
Gold Knight Sagittarius Aiolos,
betrayed Sanctuary
and escaped with the child
destined to bring
destruction upon humanity.
[Milo] He knew the prophecy
that this reincarnation
of Athena
would cause
the end of mankind,
yet he still allowed
the child to escape,
and his Gold Sagittarius Armor
was taken by humans,
which is how it ended up
in the hands
of unworthy Bronze Knights.
[sighing]
Your brother
was weak and foolish,
a disgrace to Sanctuary,
and now you expect
the Grand Master
to trust you with this task?
[Grand Master] Enough, Milo.
I will bring back
the Gold Armor
and destroy
anyone who opposes us.
Then, so be it.
Make me proud, Aiolia.
I won't fail you.
[door closes]
I do not question your judgment,
Grand Master,
but what if he's more like
his brother than he lets on?
I have already considered this.
That's why you are
to follow him, Scorpio Milo.
But remain in the shadows.
Either he will prove
his loyalty...
or he will be destroyed.
Yes, my Lord.
[groaning]
[gasps] Sienna!
[winces]
[gasps]
Oh, no! Not you again!
[grumbles]
[gasps]
The orphanage.
All those bullies
and lonely nights.
Can't believe
I used to live here.
If you're not careful,
-it's also where you'll die.
-[gasps]
Shaina?
We have unfinished business,
Seiya.
I'm not here to hurt you.
With our history?
I find that hard to believe.
I'm here to warn you.
A Gold Knight is coming.
He's going to kill Athena and
anyone who stands in his way.
A Gold Knight?
[grunts]
Wait. You're serious?
[thunder crashing]
-He's here! Run!
-[gasps]
That light...
I saw it when I was a kid.
Step away from him, Shaina.
This does not concern you.
That voice.
[gasps]
He's the one
that took my sister!
You need to get out of here
before Aiolia kills you!
No way!
This monster's going down!
Take this!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
My punches
passed right through him.
It only looks that way
because he moves so fast.
Gold Knights
have speed and power
beyond that
of any Bronze or Silver Knight.
Hmm. Allow me to demonstrate.
[yells]
[groans]
[both gasp]
What was that?
I felt it, too, Seiya's Cosmo.
Something's wrong.
[groaning]
I'll make you a deal, Seiya.
Hand over
the Gold Sagittarius Armor,
and I will spare your life.
You want it? Come and get it!
You still don't comprehend
the full extent of my power.
Feel Leo's Fangs!
-[yells]
-Shaina!
Shaina, why did you
come to help me?
I started to feel it, Seiya.
You're becoming a true Pegasus.
Now I know you'll fulfill
the Pegasus legend...
for Athena.
[gasps]
It's a miracle
she's still alive.
Foolish of her
to get in the way.
You're going to pay for that.
This is your final warning.
Surrender the Armor.
Don't let Shaina's sacrifice
be in vain.
You don't scare me!
I won't stop, not until
the Gold Armor is mine.
[chuckles] Sanctuary must
really want this thing.
It's more than that.
That Gold Sagittarius Armor
belonged to my brother Aiolos.
This is a family matter.
Why should I give a damn
about your family?
You're the one
who took my sister from me!
[yells]
Your sister Patricia
was a recruit
until she betrayed us.
Tell me. Is Marin my sister?
[gasps]
No. Marin is still alive.
Your sister is dead.
I killed her.
[gasps]
You bastard!
Enough of this!
You never stood a chance.
A Bronze Knight like you
was never going to overcome
a Gold Knight like me.
[groaning]
They were afraid
I would betray Sanctuary, too,
but I won't, ever!
Lightning Bolt!
[gasps]
No. It can't be.
Impossible!
Why would the Sagittarius Armor
protect you?
The Armor has a mind of its own.
[growls]
Brother, why?
You're about to find out
just how powerful I am!
[yells]
[sighs]
You took my sister,
just to kill her?
This isn't about your sister.
No one gives a damn about her.
This is about
the very survival of humanity!
[chuckles]
[grunts]
If mankind is to survive,
then Sienna must die!
Using the Gold Armor
to protect her is madness!
[gasps]
You're not serious, are you?
Huh?
You're a piece of garbage
if you believe in the prophecy
more than your brother!
What do you know
about my brother?
His failure has been a burden
that I've had to carry.
You're wrong!
Your brother
gave humanity one last chance.
Athena will fight for mankind,
no matter what,
and we support her to the death.
If you lose
your faith in Athena,
then what's the point
of being a Knight?
Silence!
It's our job to stop
the prophecy from happening,
to keep the peace,
to save humanity!
Enough!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
Lightning Bolt!
[yells]
You may wear
the Armor of a Gold Knight,
but we both know
you're unworthy.
You're the unworthy one.
You killed my sister.
Now you want to murder Athena.
I have to! It's the only way
to save mankind.
I'll protect Sienna.
I may not be as smart as you
or know exactly everything
that's happening around us...
but I know she's a human being,
and I'm going to protect her.
For a moment,
you sounded like my brother,
but I have to do this
for the good of Sanctuary.
-[Sienna] Stop!
-[Seiya gasps]
No! Sienna, get out of here!
[Shaun] We're coming, Seiya!
[Knights groan]
You know why I'm here, milady.
I take no pleasure in this,
but I must follow my orders.
[gasps] Such immense Cosmo.
She truly is
the reincarnated Athena.
Listen to my story.
Then maybe you will understand.
Your brother Aiolos
was no traitor.
He gave me a chance to live,
to have my voice heard.
I love humans.
I don't want to destroy
all we have here on Earth.
But I need your help,
your support
to fight against
the dark prophecy.
When we prove
that the prophecy is wrong,
that will be
when humans and Knights
can take control
of our own destinies.
Don't trust blindly
in the prophecy.
We have to bring peace
by ourselves with our own hands.
Aiolia, Gold Knight of Leo,
beloved brother of Aiolos,
will you accept this challenge?
Will you help me?
It's useless
to go against prophecy.
But not impossible.
Legend also foretold
of a Knight that could
save Athena from crisis.
[gasps]
[Aiolia] The Pegasus Knight.
My brother was right.
If one small Knight
can live up to a legend...
perhaps we all may choose
the future for ourselves.
Sparing Sienna's life doesn't
make up for killing my sister
or what you did to Shaina!
Even if it costs me
my own life, you're going down!
[yells]
[blow strikes]
[Aiolia] Feel better now, Seiya?
[gasps]
That hurt.
[Aiolia] The truth
can sometimes be complicated.
Facts don't always
tell you what's real.
Patricia isn't dead.
What? Then where is she?
I don't know. Your sister
abandoned her training
and disappeared into the night.
If you do manage to find her,
know this.
She's not
who she used to be anymore.
[sighs]
Then, what about Marin?
They told me she's my--
No one knows who Marin is.
Don't dig too deep
into her past.
You might not like
what you find.
[sighs]
[gasps]
No! That's Sienna's--
[Sienna] It's fine, Seiya.
I'm through with it.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
Brother.
[Aiolia]
Shaina needs medical attention.
Forgive me, milady.
I will return to stay
and fight by your side,
but first I need
to return Shaina to Sanctuary.
Seiya...
Take care of her.
[Aiolia] Grand Master!
Scorpio Milo told me everything.
I never should have trusted
the brother of a traitor.
My brother did
what he thought was right.
For Athena and for humanity,
I'm going to do the same.
On my brother's life,
I will make things right again,
even if I must destroy
all of Sanctuary to do it!
Step away
from the Grand Master!
[Aiolia] Virgo Shaka.
By defying the Grand Master,
you put all of humanity at risk.
Back off, Shaka.
Or what?
If Gold Knights fight,
the battle could erase us both
from the face of the Earth.
Or it could end
in a one-thousand-day showdown.
[Grand Master]
If neither one relents,
they could remain
in this battle for years.
Lightning Bolt!
Ohm!
[rumbling]
[ballad playing]